Rolling Rolling
We roll when we stand, roll when we stand
Go, go, go
Don't leave me
Let go of me!
What if I lost him?
Throughout Jiangcheng
It's not up to him to have the final say
Then at least our Wang family
They are also big families in Jiangcheng
Yo listen to you
This means
It's your Wang family who wants to compare with our Lu family
Is that right, Mr. Lu?
This bitch is so ignorant
I'll go back and take care of him
If you understand, get out
Here, here, let's stand and roll, stand and roll
Walk around and see what you're doing
Well, let's go
You are their head teacher
Someone will press you with power in the future
You can live with me directly
Yes, yes, thank you, Mr. Lu